Supplementary files of the article "Genomic characterization of respiratory syncytial
virus 2022-2023 outbreak in Washington State, USA" medrvix doi:
https://doi.org/10.1101/2022.12.12.22283375

RSVA_Genotyping_Goya-et-al_2022.treefile: Maximum likelihood tree for genotyping RSV-A
sequences based on the G gene according to the classification of Goya et al (doi:
10.1111/irv.12715). Genomes sequenced in the study were trimmed according to the reference
alignment provided in the genotype classification. Tree inference was performed with
IQ-TREE2 and the reliability of sequences clusters was evaluated using UFBoot2 method
(1000 replicates) and the SH-approximate likelihood ratio test (1000 replicates). For all
the reference sequences the genotype, subgenotype and lineage is detailed in the name of
the tip.

RSVB_Genotyping_Goya-et-al_2022.treefile: Maximum likelihood tree for genotyping RSV-A
sequences based on the G gene according to the classification of Goya et al (doi:
10.1111/irv.12715). Genomes sequenced in the study were trimmed according to the reference
alignment provided in the genotype classification. Tree inference was performed with
IQ-TREE2 and the reliability of sequences clusters was evaluated using UFBoot2 method
(1000 replicates) and the SH-approximate likelihood ratio test (1000 replicates). For all
the reference sequences the genotype, subgenotype and lineage is detailed in the name of
the tip.


RSVA_Goya-et-al_2022_complete.treefile: Maximum likelihood tree of the RSV genomes
analyzed in the study and including all historical and recent RSV-A genomes published in
databases up to December 2022. Tree inference was performed with IQ-TREE2 and the
reliability of sequences clusters was evaluated using UFBoot2 method (10000 replicates).

RSVB_Goya-et-al_2022_complete.treefile: Maximum likelihood tree of the RSV genomes
analyzed in the study and including all historical and recent RSV-A genomes published in
databases up to December 2022. Tree inference was performed with IQ-TREE2 and the
reliability of sequences clusters was evaluated using UFBoot2 method (10000 replicates).

RSVA_Goya-et-al_2022_extended-tree.pdf: Maximum likelihood trees for RSV-A complete
genomes collected from 2017 to 2022. The collection year of the specimens is depicted by
tree branch color. RSV genomes analyzed in this study are highlighted in shades of green.
The scale bar represents the inferred number of nucleotide substitutions per site.

RSVB_Goya-et-al_2022_extended-tree.pdf: Maximum likelihood trees for RSV-B complete
genomes collected from 2017 to 2022. The collection year of the specimens is depicted by
tree branch color. RSV genomes analyzed in this study are highlighted in shades of orange.
The scale bar represents the inferred number of nucleotide substitutions per site.
